README.md, before:

# odin-recipes
The Odin Project: Recipes

This current project is based of The Odin ProjectL Recipes Foundation Course
 
I will be implementing various skills I've learned so far. Thing such as git commands, html commands and implementation, terminal command to manage directories and files.

As of right now, I made my first webpage that has various implementation of HTML commands like p, h1-h6, ul, ol, a href=, img src=, and memorized the doctype declaration which is vital for web development. 


As this is the first project I am doing, I am spending time to customize what I can so I can practice all of the commands if possible.

Unfortunately at this time I haven't had the exposure to commands that allows me to position the text and images so it is very unpolished.

Decided to do bold and italics characters for certain texts for visual and accessibility reason.

At this moment, my solution to properly distance each sentence for visual presentation is using p separately. Unsure if it would create problems down the line but for this particular simple task it is working as intended.

As an experimatation, I put some p inside li commands and some p outside li, both seems to work fine but unsure which one is proper if any, at the moment

Turns out the Pad Thai recipe I chose had a lot of ingredients and steps. It even has sauce. Took me longer to finish the Pad Thai.

Decided to not abbreviate teaspoon and tablespoon for accessibility reasons.

Note that I attempted to keep it as instructed but for practice purposes and visual presentation, I put extra time into it.

Was thinking on using special character ½ fraction symbol but decided not to since I am unsure if it will result to problems.

As the last step, I adjusted the picture files scale/image size to consistent and proper size for viewing. In this case, I used the Carbonara.jpg image size as reference as a start since it seems like an appropriate size if positioned properly.

Here are the links for reference to the recipes used for reference on how I tweaked the recipe.
https://thestayathomechef.com/authentic-pasta-carbonara/
https://christieathome.com/blog/chicken-pad-thai/#recipe
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228052/chinese-pork-dumplings/


Current The Odin Project: Foundation Course progress: 42% Complete 01/17/2022

Commit message:

updated my Odin Recipes project with CSS

README.md, after:

# odin-recipes
The Odin Project: Recipes

This current project is based of The Odin ProjectL Recipes Foundation Course
 
I will be implementing various skills I've learned so far. Thing such as git commands, html commands and implementation, terminal command to manage directories and files.

As of right now, I made my first webpage that has various implementation of HTML commands like p, h1-h6, ul, ol, a href=, img src=, and memorized the doctype declaration which is vital for web development. 


As this is the first project I am doing, I am spending time to customize what I can so I can practice all of the commands if possible.

Unfortunately at this time I haven't had the exposure to commands that allows me to position the text and images so it is very unpolished.

Decided to do bold and italics characters for certain texts for visual and accessibility reason.

At this moment, my solution to properly distance each sentence for visual presentation is using p separately. Unsure if it would create problems down the line but for this particular simple task it is working as intended.

As an experimatation, I put some p inside li commands and some p outside li, both seems to work fine but unsure which one is proper if any, at the moment

Turns out the Pad Thai recipe I chose had a lot of ingredients and steps. It even has sauce. Took me longer to finish the Pad Thai.

Decided to not abbreviate teaspoon and tablespoon for accessibility reasons.

Note that I attempted to keep it as instructed but for practice purposes and visual presentation, I put extra time into it.

Was thinking on using special character ½ fraction symbol but decided not to since I am unsure if it will result to problems.

As the last step, I adjusted the picture files scale/image size to consistent and proper size for viewing. In this case, I used the Carbonara.jpg image size as reference as a start since it seems like an appropriate size if positioned properly.

Here are the links for reference to the recipes used for reference on how I tweaked the recipe.
https://thestayathomechef.com/authentic-pasta-carbonara/
https://christieathome.com/blog/chicken-pad-thai/#recipe
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228052/chinese-pork-dumplings/


Current The Odin Project: Foundation Course progress: 42% Complete 01/17/2023 

Just finished going through the CSS Foundations Course 01/18/2023

Was going to practice internal CSS method since this is a smaller project but since the TOP's assignment instuctions is to practice external CSS method, I shall do it that way.

Just finished customizing the Odin Recipes project for the first time - 01/19/2023
Played around a lot with the hover command and href.
Will now continue on the The Odin Project Foundations.
